It's because Vayne that everybody knows me
and when I'm using Vayne
she can make like me more confident than before
Well it is the first day of groups.
Coverage presented by U.gg
I'm joined right now by Uzi himself
as well as Iris who's going to help translate
Uzi what is it, how important is it for RNG
to come out strong
in groups after the slow start at MSI
So after that we actually tasted the
smell or
tasted the championship, the world championship
of MSI, so maybe we're getting down to
get stable and get consistent
so we're like heading to the world championshp
so we are having a better status or having
a better performance than before
Now your team, your botlane has prioritized
Alistar, even though Alistar has
some counters, why the focus on Alistar?
So, actually we practice it a lot.
So in our team we like this
champion Alistar a lot.
Maybe when we have Alistar on our side
maybe we are a lot more confident than before.
Now, your team once more
will be facing Gen. G's bot lane
how has that match up changed over the years
as you have faced Gen G's bot lane over and over again
So, I think the duo of Gen. G is getting stronger
because they have been partners for a very long time
and they're getting improvements together
maybe, they are getting stronger together.
Now Uzi, usually at worlds
we see these videos where they show all the players
and at the end Faker,
is always the final boss. They show Faker.
But this year Uzi is the final boss.
Uzi walks on stage, in the video at the end
What does it mean for you to become the
most scary dangerous player at worlds?
Actually I feel a little bit nervous and scared
cause um
Because I was acted as the final boss of this Worlds
so maybe every single team when
having matched with us they will pay a lot of attention to us
so we will be like,
get harder or more difficult than before
to have our game, our victories
so it will take more time for us to get more preparations.
Now, Uzi in the past when I go to worlds
similarly, my viewers
they say "Can you please interview Faker?"
But now my viewers all wanted me to interview you.
and it feels like RNG
is getting more and more popular in the west
Do you think if RNG wins this year
RNG will become SKT level for western fans
So, I don't think that
we are like
over SKT cause I do think that SKT is
a really really strong team
they're doing a really good job for three world championships
and they have three throphies.
So I haven't though of the being the western RNG
or being the western SKT
because we're trying to but, haven't thought of that
Are there any other
ADCs at this tournament that you respect or fear?
So I actually respect every single AD
AD players in this worlds
because, I saw very new things
in the worlds, like they chose the non-AD carry champions
in bot lane
and they're really having a good result in today's matches.
So I respect all of them, they're getting stronger
and I think every one of them are scaring me now
Will we see Uzi play Hiemerdinger?
I may not use it in this game.
Last question,
it was very fun to see the worlds cinematic video
where you were playing Vayne and you wake up at the end.
What was it like for you to see yourself in the worlds video?
So, I think it's pretty cool and Vayne
it's because Vayne that everybody knows me and
when I'm using Vayne she can make me like
more confident than before.
So yes, I think it's really cool.
Uzi, anything to say to the fans?
Thanks for supporting me all the time
and I will do my best in the next game.
Very good, well thank you so much Uzi for the interview.
Thank you Iris for translating.
For everyone else you can check out my coverage for all things worlds right here on my YouTube channel.
You know what's interesting about vending machines?
It just makes me think a lot about the choices that we make
in our life.
You know you're present with an option, where you put some sort of resource in
and then you're able to acquire something
and there's just rows and row.
It's just so similar to life
the different selections you can make
It also kind of reminds me of champion select.
And you're never sure if you're going to be able to make the right
selection here.
But, you can be sure you never make the
wrong selection in champion select.
If you use U.gg, our sponsor
That's right you just click that link down below the video
you type in a champion name, you go, you learn all about em
you'll never lose champ select again!
and then you'll just be vendering? out wins
like you can just put some money in a machine
and then you get the wins.
U.gg its free. They're our sponsor. Support them.